README.md, before:

# Navi

**Navi** is a Kotlin-based platform that helps users plan, organize, and share trips collaboratively.  
Users can create detailed itineraries, manage events, vote on plans, and receive intelligent suggestions for nearby activities and travel optimizations.

# Installation

KMP allows Navi to work on multiple platforms, the currently working ones are the following:

### Android
To build and run the development version of the Android app, use the run configuration from the run widget in your IDE’s toolbar or build it directly from the terminal:

on macOS/Linux

```./gradlew :composeApp:assembleDebug```

on Windows

```.\gradlew.bat :composeApp:assembleDebug```

### JVM
Note: Only works with Java 21

To build and run the development version of the desktop app, use the run configuration from the run widget in your IDE’s toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:

on macOS/Linux

```./gradlew :composeApp:run```

on Windows

```.\gradlew.bat :composeApp:run```


# Contribution

1.  Clone the repository and create a new branch off of `develop`: 
```
git clone https://github.com/EECS3311F25/project-group-ak.git
cd project-group-ak
git checkout -b name_for_new_branch develop
```
2.  Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
3. Submit a pull request to `develop` with a clear, detailed description of your changes and screenshots if relevant.

# Communication

Our Jira Board: https://team-ak.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/SCRUM/boards/1?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiMGI1NWU0N2ZmYzU1NDRjYWFiMzllYzEzYjIxMzYzMGUiLCJwIjoiaiJ9
Our Discord: https://discord.gg/B75MfygcSU

Commit message:

Revise README for SPRINT 3
Updated installation instructions and contribution guidelines.

README.md, after:

# Navi

**Navi** is a Kotlin-based platform that helps users plan, organize, and share trips collaboratively.  
Users can create detailed itineraries, manage events, vote on plans, and receive intelligent suggestions for nearby activities and travel optimizations.

# Installation

KMP allows Navi to work on multiple platforms, the currently working one with Map feature is the JS Target.

### Requirements

- MapBox API key in .env
- LLM API key in .env

### Build and Run JS Target

To build and run the development version of the desktop app, use the run configuration from the run widget in your IDE’s toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:

  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```

# Contribution

1.  Clone the repository and create a new branch off of `dev-sprint-n` , n being the sprint number: 
```
git clone https://github.com/EECS3311F25/project-group-ak.git
cd project-group-ak
git checkout -b name_for_new_branch develop
```
2.  Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
3. Submit a pull request to `dev-sprint-n` with a clear, detailed description of your changes and screenshots if relevant.

# Communication

Our Jira Board: https://team-ak.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/SCRUM/boards/1?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiMGI1NWU0N2ZmYzU1NDRjYWFiMzllYzEzYjIxMzYzMGUiLCJwIjoiaiJ9
Our Discord: https://discord.gg/B75MfygcSU
