doc/sprint0/README.md, before:

# Navi ~~

**Navi** is a Kotlin-based platform that helps users plan, organize, and share trips collaboratively.  
Users can create detailed itineraries, manage events, vote on plans, and receive intelligent suggestions for nearby activities and travel optimizations.

# Installation

To build and run the development version of the web app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE's toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- for the Wasm target (faster, modern browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
- for the JS target (slower, supports older browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
# Contribution

1.  Clone the repository and create a new branch off of `develop`: 
```
git clone https://github.com/EECS3311F25/project-group-ak.git
cd project-group-ak
git checkout -b name_for_new_branch develop
```
2.  Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
3. Submit a pull request to `develop` with a clear, detailed description of your changes and screenshots if relevant.

Commit message:

[Sprint 1] Update README with Android and JVM build instructions
Added installation instructions for Android and JVM platforms.

doc/sprint0/README.md, after:

# Navi

**Navi** is a Kotlin-based platform that helps users plan, organize, and share trips collaboratively.  
Users can create detailed itineraries, manage events, vote on plans, and receive intelligent suggestions for nearby activities and travel optimizations.

# Installation

KMP allows Navi to work on multiple platforms, the currently working ones are the following:

### Android
To build and run the development version of the Android app, use the run configuration from the run widget in your IDE’s toolbar or build it directly from the terminal:

on macOS/Linux

```./gradlew :composeApp:assembleDebug```

on Windows

```.\gradlew.bat :composeApp:assembleDebug```

### JVM
Note: Only works with Java 21

To build and run the development version of the desktop app, use the run configuration from the run widget in your IDE’s toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:

on macOS/Linux

```./gradlew :composeApp:run```

on Windows

```.\gradlew.bat :composeApp:run```


# Contribution

1.  Clone the repository and create a new branch off of `develop`: 
```
git clone https://github.com/EECS3311F25/project-group-ak.git
cd project-group-ak
git checkout -b name_for_new_branch develop
```
2.  Make your changes and test them thoroughly.
3. Submit a pull request to `develop` with a clear, detailed description of your changes and screenshots if relevant.
